This is the Readme file of WUSTL CSE530S Project1
Fund Raising Database

This project is managed by makefile
The figures in final report is generated by MATLAB

We tested our system on Ubuntu 16.04 / MacOS and Campus Postgres Server(postgres.cec.wustl.edu)

In order to run this Make Project, you will need:
1. postgres
2. psycopg2
	This is a python package for connecting and submitting queries to postgres database.

Directory and Resources:
./Original_Data
--These csv files are real original data we get from a real fund raising company.

./Input_Data
--These data are the data to be imported into our "Fund_Raising" database
--These data are generated from Original_Data: we picked the column we needed and randomized the Donors' name due to security and privacy.

./Output_Data
--The files in this folder are the query data we needed for further data visulization and processing.

./Queries
	/Build_DB
	Files in this folder are for building Schema and import data
Other Files under "Queries" folder are useful queries to generate the data we interested.

./python_src
	These Scripts are used for cleaning data and converting the data into a user-friendly format.

./MATLAB_Visualization
	These are MATLAB script for generating figures in our final report.
	

Usage:
In order to get the data, we need to do these steps:
Step 1. Clean the data, get the data to be imported to Database
	make input_data 

Step 2. Build up the Database
	make database_all

Step 3. Generate the Queried Data
	make all

Step 4. Collect Data into Output Directory
	make install

(Optional): Step 5. Clean the project
	make clean

(Optional): Step 6. Destroy the Database
	make database_clean

Thus we can get the data in Output_Data folder.





